New term entry for JavaScript Dates about the setUTCMilliseconds() method (#2747)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/setUTCMilliseconds/setUTCMilliseconds.md

---
Title: '.setUTCMilliseconds()'

> 

Reviewer: Please remove these empty lines. There shouldn't be any empty lines within the metadata section.

Description: 'Sets the milliseconds value of a date object based on Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).'

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'

Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'

CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.setUTCMilliseconds()`** method sets the milliseconds value of a `Date` object according to Coordinated Universal Time(UTC) and returns the updated `Date` object.

## Syntax

```pseudo

> 

Reviewer: Please remove the empty lines within this code block

myDate.setUTCMilliseconds(millisecondsValue);

```

The `.setUTCMilliseconds()` method takes a single parameter, representing the numeric value of the `milliseconds`.

> > **Note**: It's important to note that the setUTCMilliseconds() method modifies the Date object in place. It returns the number of milliseconds since January 1, 1970, but it's typically not necessary to use the return value unless you specifically need it for calculations.

Reviewer: This entry is missing an example

---
Title: '.setUTCMilliseconds()'
Description: 'Sets the milliseconds value of a date object based on Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.setUTCMilliseconds()`** method sets the milliseconds value of a `Date` object according to Coordinated Universal Time(UTC) and returns the updated `Date` object.

## Syntax

```pseudo
myDate.setUTCMilliseconds(millisecondsValue);
```

The `.setUTCMilliseconds()` method takes a single parameter, representing the numeric value of the `milliseconds`.

> > **Note**: It's important to note that the `.setUTCMilliseconds()` method modifies the `Date` object in place. It returns the number of milliseconds since January 1, 1970, but it's typically not necessary to use the return value unless you specifically need it for calculations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: It's important to note that the `.setUTCMilliseconds()` method modifies the `Date` object in place. It returns the number of milliseconds since January 1, 1970, but it's typically not necessary to use the return value unless it's specifically needed for calculations.
```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs.

Author: Thank you, will keep this in mind while making contributions on other issues.

## Example

> In this example, a new `Date` object representing the current date and time is declared. The `.setUTCMilliseconds()` is used to modify the milliseconds part of the date to `500`.

Author: sure

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.setUTCMilliseconds()`** method sets the milliseconds value of a `Date` object according to Coordinated Universal Time(UTC) and returns the updated `Date` object.

## Syntax

```pseudo
myDate.setUTCMilliseconds(millisecondsValue);
```

The `.setUTCMilliseconds()` method takes a single parameter, representing the numeric value of the milliseconds.

> **Note**: It's important to note that the setUTCMilliseconds() method modifies the Date object in place. It returns the number of milliseconds since January 1, 1970, but it's typically not necessary to use the return value unless it's specifically needed for calculations.

## Example

In this example, we created a `Date` object representing January 1, 2023, at 12:34:56 UTC. We then retrieved the current milliseconds component in UTC and set a new value of 2000 milliseconds. The result is a new Date object with the modified milliseconds while keeping the other components (year, month, day, hour, minute, and second) the same

> ```javascript

Reviewer 2: Two things:

1) We'd like an output ` ```shell ` block after the example showing the output from the example code. Like this:

````
This example results in the following output:

```shell
Output from the code
```
````

2) The format you're using to output the dates doesn't show milliseconds, so the change made in the code isn't visible. Can you alter the output so we see the date with milliseconds.

## Example

The JavaScript `Date` object has the `setUTCMilliseconds()` method to set the milliseconds component of a date object in UTC. Here's an example that shows how to use the `setUTCMilliseconds()` method to set the milliseconds of a date:

```javascript
const date = new Date(Date.UTC(2023, 0, 1, 12, 34, 56, 789));

// Get the current milliseconds in UTC
const currentUTCMilliseconds = date.getUTCMilliseconds();

// Set a new value for milliseconds (e.g., 2000 milliseconds)
const newUTCMilliseconds = 2000;

// Create a new Date object with the  date and modified UTC milliseconds
const newDateWithModifiedMilliseconds = new Date(date);
newDateWithModifiedMilliseconds.setUTCMilliseconds(newUTCMilliseconds);

console.log('Date:', date.toUTCString());
console.log('Current UTC Milliseconds:', currentUTCMilliseconds);
console.log(
  'Modified Date with UTC Milliseconds:',
  newDateWithModifiedMilliseconds.toUTCString()
);
```

> This example results in the following output:

Reviewer 2: The format you're using to output the dates doesn't show milliseconds, so the change made in the code isn't visible. Can you alter the example's  output so we see the date with milliseconds.

Author: Sure,  I will alter the example.

> ---

Reviewer: The spacing of this entry is incorrect. There should never be more than one empty line between content. Please review one of our templates or use another existing entry as a reference.
https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/concept-entry-template.md

Title: '.setUTCMilliseconds()'

Description: 'Sets the milliseconds value of a date object based on Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).'

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'

  - 'Computer Science'

Tags:
  - 'Date'

  - 'Methods'

CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'

  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

The **`.setUTCMilliseconds()`** method sets the milliseconds value of a `Date` object according to Coordinated Universal Time(UTC) and returns the updated `Date` object.

## Syntax

```pseudo

myDate.setUTCMilliseconds(millisecondsValue);

```

The `.setUTCMilliseconds()` method takes a single parameter, representing the numeric value of the `milliseconds`.

> ## Codebyte Example

Reviewer: codebytes are optional. Every entry should have a standard example with the output in a ```shell block. If there is additional functionality or information that can be shared with another example a codebyte can be included.
